# Database-Management
Listing Management for OrangeHousing.com

OrangeHousing.com has a focal significance to personal satisfaction with extensive monetary, social, and individual importance. Orange Housing is in the rental industry that has become pivotal in Syracuse. People from different social backgrounds, status, age ranging from students to people on vacation look for rental houses in Syracuse. The postings which are listed on the website (OrangeHousing.com) and based on the specifications and predilections to one’s liking. To manage one’s likings, there are filters for e.g. price preference, pet friendly houses, number of bedrooms; there is a vivid range of selection, which gives power to the users to select and match an individual with a room/ apartment choice.
 The function of Orange Housing is to connect the people in Syracuse to rent an apartment, give flexibility to the user and the landlord; a 360-degree overview of the property. Orange Housing only operates and facilitates the Syracuse community and is purely a website to maintain integrity. In a similar fashion, the users should have a precise view of the property, which gives an edge for data management of historic data to find the interesting patterns in already sold out apartments.  
OrangeHousing.com operates in such a way that it facilitates listings on its websites. Now, whenever a lister removes a listing from his/her side then, it cannot be accessed on the website by the user. If a user spends copious time shortlisting for a house based on multiple criteria’s and abruptly finds the listing not available, then it’s a big problem for the user as he’ll have to redo the entire process of shortlisting a house again. Therefore, by providing a historic database we can solve this issue. Every user is aware to the total visits on a every listing. Secondly, with the way the listings are listed i.e. the filters, for e.g. ‘Bed’ filter has many options; 3BHK, 4BHK, 5BHK, etc. Therefore, enhancing the OrangeHousing.com feature filter just for 3BHK. So, we could design a database that will take care of all possible filter cases for all listings. Thirdly, the site does not that not many filters are available in general. Currently, OrangeHousing offers filters consisting of Beds, Pets, and Furnished Status. We can include many other filters as well which might help the user in shortlisting the house. On the website, under the landlord listing section, one can find several listed landlords but can’t find the listings associated with them. To look for listings associated with landlords one must go through listings first to find the landlord for whom we are looking for listings. But by adding a Landlord filter would surely increase the efficiency of user experience. 
The problem of listings not available can be tackled by creating a database that replicates the database of OrangeHousing. Through this historic database, we can know whether a listing is sold out or not. Another main advantage of this solution is that a user can track the Rent Price Trend over the years and decide for themselves whether to rent the house or not. We have created an attribute which will include the number of visits on the site and on what time. Thus, giving an advantage of how popular a particular property is to quickly finalize the house. We have tackled the of lack of filters and inconsistent filters by generating listing consistent filters which further adds features to OrangeHousing. Through landlord listing, we can see all possible listings of a landlord without any hassle. Currently, we can’t create an account on OrangeHousing and therefore can’t save favourite listings. We will create a User ID to facilitate these favourites.
It is important to take into consideration that the number of listings should always be constantly updated for the user and the landlord giving them a lucidity about the range of houses available and the areas based on the price are the hottest in the market.  
